README.md, before:

# Dragon-Learning
Educational game for kids

Nothing fancy here, just pull the fles from the repo into your local environment and run index.html.

To start, create a username and your name and score information will be stored to localStorage.
As you answer math problems or find the missing letter in the missing letter app you will earn points that will be added to your player info and stored to local.

Required Features:
- Create a form and save the response (on click of Submit button) to an external file or API
- Create a dictionary or list, populate it with several values, retrieve at least one value, and use it in your program
- Create and use a function that accepts two or more values, calculates or determines a new value based on those inputs, and returns a value
- Implement a regular expression (regex) to ensure a field either a phone number or an email address is always stored and displayed in the same format

Known Issues:
On occasion a warning will appear in the console about two elements having the same id. This does not seem to prevent the app from working though.

Future Plans:
 - Sight words app: Will show image and display some number of words bellow the image. The object would be to select the correct word that corresponds to the image. 
 - Allow user to select an icon to go with their username.
 - Display the current date as an analog clock to learn how clocks work.
 - Use current time to save the date a user profile was created and display number of days since joining.

Commit message:

Added function to show how many days a user has exsisted

README.md, after:

# Dragon-Learning
Educational game for kids

Nothing fancy here, just pull the fles from the repo into your local environment and run index.html.

To start, create a username and your name and score information will be stored to localStorage.
As you answer math problems or find the missing letter in the missing letter app you will earn points that will be added to your player info and stored to local.

Required Features:
- Create a form and save the response (on click of Submit button) to an external file or API
      create user and store info to localStorage
- Create a dictionary or list, populate it with several values, retrieve at least one value, and use it in your program
      uses list of words to create missing letter widget
- Create and use a function that accepts two or more values, calculates or determines a new value based on those inputs, and returns a value
- Implement a regular expression (regex) to ensure a field either a phone number or an email address is always stored and displayed in the same format
- Calculate and display data based on an external factor (ex: get the current date, and display how many days remaining until some event)

Known Issues:
On occasion a warning will appear in the console about two elements having the same id. This does not seem to prevent the app from working though.

Future Plans:
 - Sight words app: Will show image and display some number of words bellow the image. The object would be to select the correct word that corresponds to the image. 
 - Allow user to select an icon to go with their username.
 - Display the current date as an analog clock to learn how clocks work.
